After some thought, he chooses to go a 100 years into the future to see how society will progress and change. The car starts making some noises and proceeds to accelerate to 88MPH. Moments later, Einstein looks around and sees he is in Los Angles, CA. In fact, he is at a magazine photoshoot where Taylor Swift and Karlie Kloss are posing for the cover photo for the January 2019 edition of Vogue. Taylor notices Einstein and decides to invite him to a party at Bill Gates' house. He ponders over whether he should take her up on the offer, or go downtown and learn more about modern society.  
# armaanh2-einstein-taylor
He decides to find out what parties are like in the future and accepts Taylors offer. At Bill's house he notices everyone has these little flat devices with displays that light up and they're using them to take photographs that dont need development and just show up right on the face of the device. Amazed by the technology, he asks around. He finds out that he can learn more about these technologies from two people at this party, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs, the founders of two of the largest computer companies. The two men who popularised the technology. 

# armaanh2-einstein-downtown
Wanting to know more about society he decides to go downtown. When he gets to downtown Los Angeles he is in awe at the size of the buildings. He then looks around and sees that everyone is looking down at these small slates in there hands, and have wires going from those slates into their ears. People everywhere are scrolling through images of other people on their slates and occasionally tapping twice on its face. Deciding that this part of socieety is extremely boring, Einstein chooses to go back to his time machine and travel to one of the other two options.  
