Wanting to know more about society he decides to go downtown. When he gets to downtown Los Angeles he is in awe at the size of the buildings. He then looks around and sees that everyone is looking down at these small slates in there hands, and have wires going from those slates into their ears. People everywhere are scrolling through images of other people on their slates and occasionally tapping twice on its face. Deciding that this part of socieety is extremely boring, Einstein chooses to go back to his time machine and travel to one of the other two options.  
# armaanh2-einstein-1655
A few moments later Einstein chose to go into the past and learn more about history. He reaches 1655 in the middle of London. The people around him look at his contraption in awe. Some start believing he is a sorcerer and within hours of reaching there, Einstein regrets his decision as he is executed for witchcraft. 

# armaanh2-einstein-30000
A few moments later Einstein chose to go into the prehistoric era and learn more about the begining of the human race. When he gets there, he notices some very short humans, communicating using indiscernable noises. Standing next to them are animals that resemble dogs, but look much more vicious, almost like a wolf but not quite enough. Facinated by the early humans he looks around to observe more. He turns around and standing behind him is a giant woolly mammoth. He tries to run for his life, but unlike his prehistoric peers, he does not know how to deal with the situation and is trampled by the beast. 
