He decides to find out what parties are like in the future and accepts Taylors offer. At Bill's house he notices everyone has these little flat devices with displays that light up and they're using them to take photographs that dont need development and just show up right on the face of the device. Amazed by the technology, he asks around. He finds out that he can learn more about these technologies from three people at this party, Bill Gates, Elon Musk and Steve Jobs, the founders of three of the largest technology companies. The two men who popularised the technology, and the man who can single handedly bring humanity to mars. 
# armaanh2-einstein-bill
Being the host, Bill approaches einstein to learn more about his time travelling adventures. Before Bill can even start his question, Einstein starts asking bill about the technologies of the modern world, and how it all came to be. Bill tells him all he needs to know. How it started with Einstein's peer, Alan Turing, and how it evolved over the years. After he speaks to Bill, Einstein feels he has learned enough about modern society, and proceeds on his adventure to learn about the past.

# armaanh2-einstein-steve
Seeing that the majority of the devices at the party are made by Apple, he decides to speak to Steve Jobs.  Einstein starts asking Steve about the technologies of the modern world, and how it all came to be. Steve tells him all he needs to know. How it started with Einstein's peer, Alan Turing, and how it evolved over the years. After he speaks to Steve, Einstein feels he has learned enough about modern society, and proceeds on his adventure to learn about the past.

# sbirla2-elon
The year is 2018. Elon Musk is in a room facing a situation where the Mars Dragon rocket has malfunctionned but three people have just arrived to provide their insight on this insane problem. These people ask Elon to come to with them assuring that they have just the solution to this incredibly complex problem they are facing. These three people happen to be Karlie Kloss, Bill Gates, and Lebron James. Elon Musk completely trusts these individuals with solving this complex riddle and now has to choose which person's advice he will follow to solve this problem.

